
\documentclass[a4paper, 11pt]{article}
\usepackage[ascii]{inputenc}
\usepackage{supertabular}
\usepackage[ngerman]{babel}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsfonts,textcomp}
\usepackage {geometry}
\geometry{a4paper,top=25mm,left=30mm,right=25mm,bottom=30mm}
\usepackage{color}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hhline}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{colorlinks=true, linkcolor=blue, citecolor=blue, filecolor=blue, urlcolor=blue}


\begin{document}
{\begin{center}\huge\bf openETCS Scrum Meeting Minutes\end{center}}
\section{Meeting Organisation}

\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.5}
\begin{supertabular}{m{.2\textwidth}m{.8\textwidth}}
%\hline
Subject & Weekly Scrum of Scrums\\
Organised by & Peter Mahlmann\\
Minutes by & Peter Mahlmann\\
When & August, 22nd, 2014, 10:00 - 11:45\\
Location & Telco and Goto-Meeting\\
%9:30-10:00 and 
%\hline
\end{supertabular}

\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.0}
\section{Meeting:}

\begin{tabular}{|c|l|l|}
\hline
\textbf{Slot} &  \textbf{Called By} & \textbf{Workpackage} \\
\hline  
%10:00 - 10:15 & Stefan Rieger & WP6: Dissemination \\\hline  
%10:15 - 10:30 & Nicolas van Landeghem & WP5: Demonstration \\\hline  
10:30 - 11:00 & Marc Behrens & WP4: Verification \& Validation \\\hline  
%10:45 - 11:00 & Fausto Cochetti & WP3: Modelling \\\hline  
%10:45 - 11:00 & Bernd Hekele & WP3: Modelling \\\hline  
11:00 - 11:15 & Michael Jastram & WP7: Toolchain \\\hline
%11:15 - 11:30 & Baseliyos Jacob & WP2: API Requirements \\\hline  
11:15 - 11:45 & Klaus-R\"udiger Hase & PMB: Project Management Board \\\hline  
%11:15 - 11:45 & Bernd Hekele & PMB: Project Management Board \\\hline  
\end{tabular}

\section{Participants in Meeting:}

\begin{tabular}{|l|c|c|c||c|c|c||c|c|c|}
\hline
\textbf{Participant} & \textbf{WP6} &  \textbf{WP5} & \textbf{WP4}&  \textbf{WP3} & \textbf{WP7}&  \textbf{PMB} \\\hline
% Name                  6   5   4   3   7   P
%Alexander Nitsch     & x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline  
%Alexander Stante     &   &   &   &   & x &   \\\hline 
Baseliyos Jacob      &   &   &   &  & x & x \\\hline 
%Bernd Gonska         &   &   & x &   &   &   \\\hline
%Bernd Hekele         & x &   & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Cecile Braunstein    &   &   & x & x & x &   \\\hline
%Christian Giraud     &   &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
%Christian Stahl      &   &   &   & x &   &   \\\hline
%David Mentre         &   &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
%Fausto Cochetti      &   &   &   & x & x & x \\\hline
%Hardi Hungar         &   &   & x &   &   &   \\\hline
%Jos Holtzer         & x &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
%Huu-Nghia Nguyen     & x &   & x & x & x &   \\\hline
%Izaskun de la Torre  &   &   &   & x & x &   \\\hline
Jan Welte            &   &  & x &  & x & x \\\hline
%Jan Welvaarts        & x & x & x & x &   &   \\\hline
%Jens Gerlach         & x & x & x & x &   &   \\\hline
%Jonas Helming        &   &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
Klaus-R\"udiger Hase &  &   &  &  &  & x \\\hline
%Laurent Ferier       &   &   &   & x & x & x \\\hline
%Lukasz Fronc         &   &   &   &   & x & x \\\hline
Marc Behrens         &   &  & x &  & x &  \\\hline
%Marielle Petit-Doche &   &  &  &  & x &  \\\hline
%Mathilde Arnaud      &   &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
%Matthieu Perin       &   &   & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Michael Jastram      &   &   & x  &  & x & x \\\hline
%Nicolas van Landeghem& x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Peter Mahlmann       &   &   & x &   & x & x \\\hline
%Peyman Farhangi      &   &   & x &   & x & x \\\hline
%Pierre-Yves Le Morvan&   & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Silvano dal Zilio    &   &   & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Stefan Rieger        & x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Uwe Steinke          &  &  & x &  & x & x \\\hline
%Veronique Gontier    & x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Vincent Nuhaan       &   &   & x &  & x  &   \\\hline
% Name                  6   5   4   3   7   P  \\\hline
\end{tabular}

%\line(1,0){440}

\section{Scrum Meetings}



\subsection{WP4: Validation \& Verification}
\begin{itemize}
\item A meeting to evaluate safety architect from All4tec will be scheduled for next Tuesday.
\item Follow-up meeting for the internal assessment is in planning with AEbt. Goal of the workshop is to discuss CENELEC compliance of the openETCS process. Participants will be key contacts from WP1, WP3, WP4, and WP7.
\end{itemize}


\subsection{WP7: Toolchain}

\begin{itemize}
\item Sprint 17 has been completed. In this sprint one issue has been closed.
\item Papyrus/ProR traceability did not make it into the product yet but will be included in the next release, i.e.~sprint 18.
\item A test plan is in preparation by SQS. Feedback on the plan is needed by the end of sprint 18.
\item The next sprint will be extended to 4 weeks due to holidays.
\end{itemize}

\subsection{PMB: Project Management Board}
\begin{itemize}
\item Further development of the tool chain is planned to be driven in an ITEA3 follow up project. Thus, participation in the ITEA3 PO days in Amsterdam will be planned in an internal meeting in Frankfurt. Details of this internal meeting will be discussed outside the PMB meeting.
\end{itemize}

\section{Notes}
\begin{itemize}

\item Note: Location of Meeting Minutes\\
You can find these minutes here: \url{https://github.com/openETCS/governance/blob/master/scrumMeetings/Minutes/Minute_20140822.pdf}. Please, use the issue tracker for findings with the minutes.

\end{itemize}

\end{document}
