
\documentclass[a4paper, 11pt]{article}
\usepackage[ascii]{inputenc}
\usepackage{supertabular}
\usepackage[ngerman]{babel}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsfonts,textcomp}
\usepackage {geometry}
\geometry{a4paper,top=25mm,left=30mm,right=25mm,bottom=30mm}
\usepackage{color}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hhline}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{colorlinks=true, linkcolor=blue, citecolor=blue, filecolor=blue, urlcolor=blue}


\begin{document}
{\begin{center}\huge\bf openETCS Scrum Meeting Minutes\end{center}}
\section{Meeting Organisation}

\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.5}
\begin{supertabular}{m{.2\textwidth}m{.8\textwidth}}
%\hline
Subject & Weekly Scrum of Scrums\\
Organised by & Bernd Hekele\\
Minutes by & Bernd Hekele\\
When & July 18th, 2014, 10:00 - 11:45\\
Location & Telco and Goto-Meeting\\
%9:30-10:00 and 
%\hline
\end{supertabular}

\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.0}
\section{Meeting:}

\begin{tabular}{|c|l|l|}
\hline
\textbf{Slot} &  \textbf{Called By} & \textbf{Workpackage} \\
\hline  
10:00 - 10:15 & Stefan Rieger & WP6: Dissemination \\\hline  
10:15 - 10:30 & Nicolas van Landeghem & WP5: Demonstration \\\hline  
10:30 - 10:45 & Marc Behrens & WP4: Verification \& Validation \\\hline  
10:45 - 11:00 & Fausto Cochetti & WP3: Modelling \\\hline  
%10:45 - 11:00 & Bernd Hekele & WP3: Modelling \\\hline  
11:00 - 11:15 & Michael Jastram & WP7: Toolchain \\\hline
%11:15 - 11:30 & Baseliyos Jacob & WP2: API Requirements \\\hline  
11:15 - 11:45 & Klaus-R\"udiger Hase & PMB: Project Management Board \\\hline  
%11:15 - 11:45 & Bernd Hekele & PMB: Project Management Board \\\hline  
\end{tabular}

\section{Participants in Meeting:}

\begin{tabular}{|l|c|c|c||c|c|c||c|c|c|}
\hline
\textbf{Participant} & \textbf{WP6} &  \textbf{WP5} & \textbf{WP4}&  \textbf{WP3} & \textbf{WP7}&  \textbf{PMB} \\\hline
% Name                  6   5   4   3   7   P
Alexander Nitsch     & x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline  
%Alexander Stante     &   &   &   &   & x &   \\\hline 
Baseliyos Jacob      & x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline 
%Bernd Gonska         &   &   & x &   &   &   \\\hline
Bernd Hekele         & x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Cecile Braunstein    &   &   &   &   & x &   \\\hline
%Christian Giraud     &   &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
Christian Stahl      &   &   &   & x &   &   \\\hline
%David Mentre         &   &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
Fausto Cochetti      &   &   &   & x &   &   \\\hline
Hardi Hungar         &   &   & x &   &   &   \\\hline
Huu-Nghia Nguyen     & x & x & x & x & x &   \\\hline
%Izaskun de la Torre  &   &   &   & x & x &   \\\hline
Jan Welte            & x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Jan Welvaarts        & x & x & x & x &   &   \\\hline
%Jens Gerlach         &   &   & x &   &   &   \\\hline
%Jonas Helming        &   &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
Klaus-R\"udiger Hase & x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Laurent Ferier       &   &   &   & x & x & x \\\hline
%Lukasz Fronc         &   &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
Marc Behrens         &   & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Marielle Petit-Doche &   & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Mathilde Arnaud      &   &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
Matthieu Perin       &   &   & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Michael Jastram      &   &   &   & x & x & x \\\hline
Nicolas van Landeghem& x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Peter Mahlmann       &   & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Peyman Farhangi      &   & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Pierre-Yves Le Morvan&   & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Silvano dal Zilio    &   &   & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Stefan Rieger        & x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Uwe Steinke          & x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Veronique Gontier    & x & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Vincent Nuhaan       &   &   &   & x &   &   \\\hline
% Name                  6   5   4   3   7   P  \\\hline
\end{tabular}

%\line(1,0){440}

\section{Scrum Meetings}

\subsection{WP6: Dissemination}

DB announced they would most likely not present openETCS at Innotrans. The decision is driven by marketing strategy. The presentation reflecting the situation is available here: \url{https://github.com/openETCS/Dissemination/blob/master/WP6_Presentations/2014-07-18_InnoTrans_Preparation.pdf}. 

Other members of openETCS or the openIT4SR project are kindly asked to step in. 

\subsection{WP5: Demonstration}
\begin{itemize}
\item Update on Activities\\

ERSA started to work on an architecture model of the EVC and an M5.1 library. This library is linked to the API activities.

\end{itemize}


\subsection{WP4: Validation \& Verification}
\begin{itemize}
\item actual activities\\
The scrum-of-scrum has been established in the WP4: \url{https://github.com/openETCS/validation/wiki/Agile-Verification-and-Validation}. 

A Braunschweig-small-cluster meeting took place at Siemens. Focus of the meeting was on the OBU-Testcase activities.

\end{itemize}

\subsection{WP3: Modelling}

\begin{itemize}
\item Activities\\
First feedback has been received from Veronique Gontier for the Document Train Position and Locations document v0.0.16 from NS/ LR (author Jan Welwaarts, reviewer Vincent Nuhaan) 

The API document v 1.3 announced for update on github.

The site for next WP3 Workshop is under discussion. (Pierre-Jean Ginoux SNCF will be invited).

If you plan to participate, please make use of this doodle: \url{http://doodle.com/cm3kpzi9smecrpcz}

The document on database by Chrstian Giraud is available in version 9. It has been distributed via mail.

We plan to take the next Tuesday meeting (22/07, (proposed gotomeeting from 9:00 to 10:00) for a discussion on architecture.

Vincents tool for calculating train positions is now on github: \url{https://github.com/openETCS/SRS-Analysis/blob/master/System%20Analysis/WorkingRepository/GroupDB/Train%20Position%20and%20Locations.zip}.

Upcoming events: the modelling team will meet in Braunschweig again August 5th. 

\end{itemize}

\subsection{WP7: Toolchain}

\begin{itemize}
\item Activities\\
The requirements on the data dictionary have been discussed in detail. The feature will be taken as a prototype for introducing the Scrum-Of-Scrum process.

Progress is updated in the sprint activity backlog.

\end{itemize}

\subsection{WP2: Requirements}

%\begin{itemize}

No meeting this week.

%\end{itemize}

\subsection{PMB: Project Management Board}
\begin{itemize}
\item a.o.b.\\
For the update on the openETCS at Innotrans refer to the WP6 section of the minutes.

First comments to the Charta are now being posted. \url{https://github.com/openETCS/Charta/issues/2}. The charta-review will be continued after Klaus-R\"udigers summer-holidays ended. 

The charta will be topic at a PCC (to be scheduled to take place after the holiday season is ended.

The proceeding with the scrum-of-scrum has been discussed in a separate meeting. The process will be prototyped on behalf of the feature dataDictionary.

\end{itemize}

\section{Notes}
\begin{itemize}

\item Note: Location of Meeting Minutes\\
You can find these minutes here: \url{https://github.com/openETCS/governance/blob/master/scrumMeetings/Minutes/Minute_20140718.pdf}. Please, use the issue tracker for findings with the minutes.

\end{itemize}

\end{document}
